README.md, before:

# EOS Reward (`eosio.reward`) [![Bun Test](https://github.com/eosnetworkfoundation/eosio.reward/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/eosnetworkfoundation/eosio.reward/actions/workflows/test.yml)

## Overview

The `eosio.reward` contract handles system reward distribution.

```mermaid
graph TD
    eosio --> |unallocated bucket| eosio.saving
    eosio.saving --> |distribution claim| eosio.reward
    eosio.saving -.-> |distribution claim| eosio.grants
    eosio.saving -.-> |distribution claim| eoslabs.io
    eosio.reward --> weights{% weights}
    weights -.-> |% Donate To REX| eosio.rex
```

## Strategies

The `eosio.reward` contract is designed to distribute a linear amount of rewards to a single or multiple strategies. Each strategy has an associated weight which determines the percentage of rewards that will be distributed to that strategy.

| Strategy      | Description |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| `eosio.rex` | Donate to REX - Distributes rewards to REX pool which is distributed to REX holders by staking for 21 days |


## Development and Testing

### Build Instructions

To compile the contract, developers can use the following command:

```sh
cdt-cpp eosio.reward.cpp -I ./include
```

### Testing Framework

The contract includes a comprehensive testing suite designed to validate its functionality. The tests are executed using the following commands:

```sh
$ npm test

> test
> bun test
```

Commit message:

fixes for build command and vert tests on CDT that doesn't support exported memory

README.md, after:

# EOS Reward (`eosio.reward`) [![Bun Test](https://github.com/eosnetworkfoundation/eosio.reward/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/eosnetworkfoundation/eosio.reward/actions/workflows/test.yml)

## Overview

The `eosio.reward` contract handles system reward distribution.

```mermaid
graph TD
    eosio --> |unallocated bucket| eosio.saving
    eosio.saving --> |distribution claim| eosio.reward
    eosio.saving -.-> |distribution claim| eosio.grants
    eosio.saving -.-> |distribution claim| eoslabs.io
    eosio.reward --> weights{% weights}
    weights -.-> |% Donate To REX| eosio.rex
```

## Strategies

The `eosio.reward` contract is designed to distribute a linear amount of rewards to a single or multiple strategies. Each strategy has an associated weight which determines the percentage of rewards that will be distributed to that strategy.

| Strategy      | Description |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| `eosio.rex` | Donate to REX - Distributes rewards to REX pool which is distributed to REX holders by staking for 21 days |


## Development and Testing

### Build Instructions

To compile the contract, developers can use the following command:

```sh
cdt-cpp eosio.reward.cpp -I ./include -I ./external
```

### Testing Framework

The contract includes a comprehensive testing suite designed to validate its functionality. The tests are executed using the following commands:

```sh
$ npm test

> test
> bun test
```

#### Exported memory errors

```
TypeError: undefined is not an object (evaluating 'this.memory.buffer')
```

If you're using a version of CDT to build that doesn't support exported memory, you'll need to export it manually for VeRT tests to work.

```bash
# Grab wabt
sudo apt-get install wabt

# Create a temporary wat file and export the memory
wasm2wat eosio.reward.wasm | sed -e 's|(memory |(memory (export "memory") |' > eosio.reward.wat
wat2wasm -o eosio.reward.wasm eosio.reward.wat
rm eosio.reward.wat
```

You can also use the `./build.sh` script that will handle building and exporting memory for you.
